{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\ftech\fcharset77 Symbol;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100

\f0\fs20 \cf0 									\
											Eric Tam\
SHORTEST route to solving your game. All commands, in order.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100
\cf2 The second way to solving the game is very random. This is just in case a player gets very frustrated with the game. If the player attacks the big safe they win the game. This will make the big safe explode and they encounter a teleporter where anybody can use it. You don't need your fingerprints to be restored.\
East\
Open Suitcase\
Take key\
West\
Unlock door\
South\
Take rifle\
Take grenade\
North\
West\
West\
Attack KRAM (2x)\
East\
East\
North\
Unlock n door with n key\
North\
Attack big safe\cf0  \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Your final grade is determined based on story, description, and gameplay mechanics. Please describe and discuss:\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sb100\sa100
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 How well does the game accomplish what you set out to do?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100
\cf2 I accomplished to set a game up that involved mixing chemicals and the player must put it in his/her body to be normal again. After that the player has to go into a "teleporter" to get the player out of Area 51. I've been able to make my game like this, so the game accomplishes what I've set out to do pretty well.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sb100\sa100
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 Discuss a time when you got stuck, and how you got unstuck.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100
\cf2 I've been stuck many times into making the code for this game but one thing that stuck out to me was attacking KRAM. This was probably one of the hardest challenges in the game. I fixed this by editing the code and playing around with it but I don't fully remember how I fixed it. All I know is that it took a lot of work but I finally designed it where the player needs both items to attack KRAM. The only problem is that the player has to type in "attack KRAM" twice, in order to kill him.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sb100\sa100
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 Describe each of the required three puzzles in your game and how to solve each puzzle.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100
\cf2 The player has to figure out how to attack KRAM because if the player doesn't have the items, attacking KRAM will kill him/her, because without the weapons KRAM is invincible. So the player has to find the weapons in order to attack KRAM and be victorious.\
The player has to find and figure out which code should be entered into the safe (that contains the red chemical) and which code is given to the Robot (Robot 899). This puzzle is easy: all the player has to do is pick one code and if one code doesn't work he/she can use the other code. \
Lastly, the player must find out what to do with the chemicals after they've been found. Hints are in the game, like if the player examines the injection syringe (inside the titanium box) there are instructions to mixing the chemicals but they don't tell the player which chemicals are supposed to be combined with whichever chemical. That's why I've added in something where if the player mixes the wrong chemicals, there's a fun thing that says like, your conscience says that those chemicals cannot be mixed. Playing with chemical combinations solves this puzzle. If they get it right it combines into another chemical. That chemical mixes with another to form a big chemical, where they pour into the syringe and "inject" the player with the chemical. \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sb100\sa100
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 Discuss the gameplay mechanics in your game and how they improve the user's experience.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100
\cf2 There is some content in the game that makes the player not feel bored. For example, I've added certain things like humor, like if the player takes all, I've disabled that and put the message (just in case the player does it) "You're not an octopus. How are you supposed to grab those items?" I've also added in suspense like "The room is cold" and how intimidating area 51 can be, so in the introduction I added, "Now you're in the base of the operation. The military will do anything to kill you. It seems that everybody's out and the security cameras are off\'85 for now. No time to poop your pants. Get out of here. But, be VERY careful."\
I added in a progression kind of dynamic where the player knows what they need, and when they gradually find what they need, they know that it's needed and it makes the player less confused, therefore adding in a more fun game. In some games that I beta tested, it wasn't very clear and I didn't really know what to do and it was frustrating. So in the game I added something into the description when the play begins, where the player knows that they need the chemicals.\
I added in a point system that the player has to explore to get all the points available in the game (so there is a point system). Three points are given by progressing into the game, but extensive exploring will get you all the points. For example, examining the Ammo Box will get the player 2 points and the player doesn't even need to examine it to pass the game. It's extensive exploring.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sb100\sa100
\cf0 Discuss the beta testing process: Who tested your game?\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100
\cf2 Whoever I beta tested played my game for 10 minutes and gave comments about my game and how I could improve it. Jordan Tome, Mr. Kiang, and Cameron Kuwata beta tested my game. \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sb100\sa100
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 How did their feedback affect your game?\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sb100\sa100
\cf2 Their feedback affected my game to make it more helpful to the player and I was able to fix anything that I didn't notice that I forgot to put in. I added things to enhance the game, like changing the difficulty by adding in description. I fixed some bugs that I didn't notice was in the game and any errors.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sb100\sa100
\ls6\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 Whose game did you beta test?\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sb100\sa100
\cf2 Jordan Tome and Cameron Kuwata\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sb100\sa100
\ls7\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 What feedback were you able to give? \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\ri0\sb100\sa100
\cf2 I was able to give feedback while playing the game, such as letting them know like the take all command was present, and I was able to tell them whatever else was wrong with their game. For example when the game was unclear in what had to be done I told them that. When some north or south wouldn't work I told them that too.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sb100\sa100
\ls8\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 What are you most proud of?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100
\cf2 I was proud of going far into the code and I was ahead of people in how I worked. \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sb100\sa100
\ls9\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 \'a5	
\f0 What would you do differently next time?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f2\fs22 \cf2 Next time I'll organize my content beforehand because it was a struggle attempting to find whatever I had to find. Finding where my things were was as hard as trying to fix the bugs I had. Knowing that I had a lot of bugs, it just shows how hard finding things were, so next time I'm really going to organize my code content in a better way.\
}